when I worked six months with the
I did not have any idea of ​​the coach
that he was three years old and one
little with him then you finish
understanding things by a sign for a
by a look and it is very little time to
work that I have command in the largest
part of him was hurt I came back
not the final phase of the paulista then it is
very little time for your differential
the work of one of the other with more time
after answering this better question but
the tite is a great guy for
working in the area is very easy to deal with
It's a guy who is very sentimental, right?
and he knows as much as he can give
this opening for the player and has owner
He's a special guy not only for me but
for all players of the
corinthians I'm sure it's a
big name to take on the selection
Brazilian soon enough then
People talk about this after the cup itself.
now that he said he got goosebumps
with lecture tite Sorin these
images there should also bring a
a special sensation of liberators to
people carried a lot of pressure
Are not we all feeling the truth?
the winner of this title and
when I got in the second game with
corinthians shirt went against
tolima function of knowing responsibility
the dream of the Corinthian
conquer a liberator and conquer
It was very special to liberators.
I saw the title of the world is the achievement
a dream that when they are conquered
Paulo as a reservation I put as
goal in my career of who knows
go back there and win the title as a holder
and come back in the corinthians biggest rival
of the club which won the first
title was more of the special group in this
moment that I will never forget and even in
of this achievement ended up being in
long time athletic miner
also managed to get the title of the
liberators with great delivery to you
by the way you played with a lot of
very compact determination as the
teacher won two titles
fundamental
then it is difficult to maintain this level
of concentration
or even give up everything you
during that period of
competition with some exaggeration that you
have been deprived it is difficult to maintain what
She's taken and it's funny.
question because in the first half of
2013 and still won the championship
State this and the recopa and the people
I tried to talk as much as possible
because things were not working
and had this problem of speaking the
patient will be doing wrong
for who is exaggerating out of field
with night with something and otitis
I was going to talk a lot about this
tried to motivate the team but things
they did not happen like we did
like how we used to right and and
until today we do not have an explanation
because the second semester was so bad
because we left such a good group
undone and this is one of the moments
sad because I lived inside the
So Corinthians we have
such a good group with players as
special events that ended up not
because we could not see
this problem
You felt very much for words, did not you?
the feeling they had out there and without
speak not even the pressure on the
hand work menezes
maybe he is on his arrival suffered a lot
with this guilt of the young thing
once even talking to himself
Man, we know that for you, it replaces
a trainer who stayed for three years and a
in the club by winning several
titles you find a certain
difficulty even going through
those players who have been trained
by an old coach who was
enough time in the club this difficulty
and adilson batista had when the
brother came out was three years and the little
lap when adilson Baptist took over as
he had this difficulty but without
No doubt we're all half
being punished for having conquered
quite a thing, do not ask for a reformulation
of a team that was winning
suddenly if he had not won all the
players would be and until today